src/content/projects/agro-doc.md, before:

---
title: "AgroDoc"
slug: "agro-doc"
image: "powisset-thumbnail"
category: "Python | Flask | Machine Learning | Web Dev | IaC"
galleryImages:
  - "agrodoc-backend-component-diagram"
  - "agrodoc-sys-arch-diagram"
learnMoreLink: "https://github.com/FarmNerdsLab/agro-doc"
leftAnimation:
  shape: triangle
  color: green
  count: 8
rightAnimation:
  shape: triangle
  color: green
  count: 8
---
---

## GitHub Repository
[https://github.com/FarmNerdsLab/agro-doc](https://github.com/FarmNerdsLab/agro-doc)

## Project Overview
This project started Summer 2024. I spent a summer as a research assistant under Dr. Alessandra Ferzoco. My partner--Arianne Fong-- and I co-designed with the head farmers at Powisset Farm in Dover, MA. We learned that they would frequently spent much of their time over the weekends updating and organizing their spreadsheets with the latest harvests from the week--a monotonous and slow task. Therefore, we developed a webapp to help them streamline their documentation process using Python with a Flask backend. This webapp leveraged LLM and OCR models to perform the text digitization. We deployed our MVP to them the following year.  

Beyond the app itself, we published a paper to IEEE's Frontiers in Education (FIE) 2025 Conference, and presented our talk in the Fall in Nashville, TN.  

A massive thank-you to Alessandra for supporting me all the way and making this an experience to remember!

Commit message:

Implement project section fading and subpage navigation

src/content/projects/agro-doc.md, after:

---
title: "AgroDoc"
slug: "agro-doc"
image: "powisset-thumbnail"
category: "Python | Flask | Machine Learning | Web Dev | IaC"
galleryImages:
  - "agrodoc-backend-component-diagram"
  - "agrodoc-sys-arch-diagram"
learnMoreLink: "https://github.com/FarmNerdsLab/agro-doc"
leftAnimation:
  shape: triangle
  color: green
  count: 8
rightAnimation:
  shape: triangle
  color: green
  count: 8
---

## GitHub Repository
This repository contains the source code for the Flask webapp.  

**Github Link:** [https://github.com/FarmNerdsLab/agro-doc](https://github.com/FarmNerdsLab/agro-doc)

## Overview
This project started Summer 2024. I spent a summer as a research assistant under Dr. Alessandra Ferzoco. My partner--Arianne Fong-- and I co-designed with the head farmers at Powisset Farm in Dover, MA. We learned that they would frequently spent much of their time over the weekends updating and organizing their spreadsheets with the latest harvests from the week--a monotonous and slow task. Therefore, we developed a webapp to help them streamline their documentation process using Python with a Flask backend. This webapp leveraged LLM and OCR models to perform the text digitization. We deployed our MVP to them the following year.  

Beyond the app itself, we published a paper to IEEE's Frontiers in Education (FIE) 2025 Conference, and presented our talk in the Fall in Nashville, TN.  

A massive thank-you to Alessandra for supporting me all the way and making this an experience to remember!
